Documentation-DefaultQueue (#194)
fiskaltrust/middleware: queue/src/fiskaltrust.Middleware.Localization.QueueDEFAULT/README.md

### Extensions

- `ChargeItemExtensions.cs`, `PayItemExtensions.cs`, `ReceiptRequestExtensions.cs`: Provide extension methods for handling charge, pay, and receipt request items.
- `ServiceCollectionExtensions.cs`: Extensions for service collection configuration.

### Factories

- `SignatureItemFactoryDEFAULT.cs`: Creates signature items for the DEFAULT country.
- `RequestCommandFactory.cs`: Manages request command creation.

### Country-Specific Components

- `CountryDefaultQueue.cs`: Dummy queue for country-specific handling.
- `CountrySpecificQueueRepository.cs`: Manages country-specific queues.

### Security Signature Creation Devices (SSCD)

- `SscdXX.cs`: Represents the SSCD component for a specific market.
- `IXXSSCDProvider.cs` & `XXSSCDProvider.cs`: Define the SSCD provider interface and implementation.

### Cases Enumeration

- `Cases.cs`: Enumerates various cases for handling specific functionalities and scenarios within the system.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone the project to your local machine.
2. **Explore the Components**: Familiarize yourself with the components, including classes responsible for specific functionalities.

> 3. **Read the Official Documentation**: Check the [fiskaltrust documentation](https://docs.fiskaltrust.cloud/docs/poscreators/middleware-doc) for comprehensive details.

Reviewer: I think I would switch these two arount 🤔 Or add a note before the list that a familiarity with the documentation is assumed or sth like that.

because I think reading the code will be confusing if you don't already have a base understanding of what we do and how.

- `Cases.cs`: Enumerates various cases for handling specific functionalities and scenarios within the system.

## Naming Convention

> In this project, you may notice the use of "XX" in various class and file names. This "XX" serves as a placeholder representing a specific market or country code. When adapting the code for a particular market, replace "XX" with the appropriate market identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, you may notice the use of "XX" and "DEFAULT" in various class and file names.

When using this as the basis for a new market _both_ "XX" and "DEFAULT" should be replaced with the market country code (e.g. "IT" for Italy).

The "DEFAULT" files include a working minimum implementation that is used in the DEFAULT Queue. This implementation needs to be adapted to the new market.

The "XX" files serve as a placeholders representing a feature that might be needed in a real market but not in the DEFAULT queue.
```

Reviewer: Only a suggestion, but I would make that a bit clearer 😁

Author: Looks better, ye :) thanks for your suggestion. Already added
